docs: content outline for generator docs (#793)
asyncapi/generator: docs/concepts/hooks.md

| `generate:after` | Called at the very end of the generation. | void : Nothing is expected to be returned. | [The generator instance](https://github.com/asyncapi/generator/blob/master/docs/api.md)
| `setFileTemplateName ` | Called right before saving a new file generated by [file template](https://github.com/asyncapi/generator/blob/master/docs/authoring.md#file-templates). | string : a new filename for the generator to use for the file template. | [The generator instance](https://github.com/asyncapi/generator/blob/master/docs/api.md) and object in the form of `{ "originalFilename" : string }`

The generator parses:

- All the files in the .hooks directory inside the template.
- All modules listed in the template configuration and triggers only hooks that names were added to the config. You can use the official AsyncAPI [hooks library](https://github.com/asyncapi/generator-hooks). To learn how to add hooks to configuration [read more about the configuration file](https://github.com/pratik2315/generator/blob/gsod1-pratik/docs/authoring.md#configuration-file).

> Most basic module with hooks looke like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most basic modules with hooks look like this:
```

Author: oops!!
